ROX-17300: ACS Host aliases (#76133)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/central-configuration-options-operator.adoc

| `central.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for Central. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `central.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `central.db.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for Central DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `central.db.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `scanner.analyzer.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the StackRox Scanner. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scanner.analyzer.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `scanner.db.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the StackRox Scanner DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scanner.db.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `scannerV4.db.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for Scanner V4 DB. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.db.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `scannerV4.indexer.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the Scanner V4 Indexer. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.indexer.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```

| `scannerV4.matcher.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for the Scanner V4 Matcher. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `scannerV4.matcher.hostAliases`

> | Use this parameter to inject hosts and ips into the pod's hosts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use this parameter to inject hosts and IP addresses into the pod's hosts file.
```
